Opposite.
Tran Pham, do you know what you are saying?
Tran Pham
Can I give you face?
Where is my phone?
Kim Long called his sister and told him to come home immediately.
Listen.
What should this trashy husband say?
You said at first.
Start again let me squeeze this trash.
You see I can't even get one or two hundred thousand out?
This.
You are so early is fine.
Have to let me scold you say you
HAS.
Out of 200,000 financial marriages
Still have to buy wedding room.
How much do you want to break down the down payment?
House prices are too expensive now.
Prepayment
At least 400,000.
That's 600,000.
Almost.
Later when I need money I will find you again.
Or go to the other side and cut it like before.
This small 600,000 VND, does not attract you.
Can lend you, so what do you have to compare?
Borrow me
Treasure
What the hell?
The pen I want.
So why am I looking for you?